recording not alright this begins the
ipfs all hands of December 4th 2017 on
the agenda we have ipfs cluster news its
ipfs trimming on the gateway if we want
to start time alright yeah everyone just
wanted to give a small update last week
I deployed glass earn all ipfs gateways
so they're like there is like a glass
eye with ten years in it and it gave me
close to no issues which I'm very happy
for we injected beam set of two thousand
items and everything became pinned in
the end and I also integrated in bought
partially against like the others
cluster so now it's it's still been in
the way in before but it's also been in
against cluster so cluster is
maintaining the pin set in the pinball I
think this is a milestone because it's
the first cluster that we are just
running and it's there and it's working
life and yes they working around they're
trying to finish the pinball and trying
to add some small features to watch when
make it easy to interact with cluster
and make it easy to watch for things to
see their pins or not because right now
there's no clients ivory or anything
like that but yeah I just saw I will
tell you about it and yeah we also have
T it in this skull and he's gonna make
some he's gonna make a demo afterwards
and yeah I won't tell you about it I'm
looking forward it's you but it's
related to cluster to be thanks everyone
also you've had if you have questions is
the time
there's yeah awesome so what's the next
stage basically are we gonna do some
from you to storage cluster or yeah
what's next so right now it is polish
the Beamer integration I make sure it
just works with raster and it doesn't
need to work contacting every note or
anything like that yeah you told me that
we are moving to a better deployment we
are moving to kubernetes not kubernetes
this has got a solution and I think
there we can have a huge storage cluster
if that's what we need
well this is a good a good start up that
we can just have custard peers around
the world and things are not erroring
things are working you can pin you can
query the pin set you can see what
failed to pin and you can retrigger
pinning and basically you can do a
cluster that's and it works it's just
not some testing thing
great thank you
all right if there's no more questions
it looks like we can move on to demos
the first time I was ipfs Station update
so do we want to do the demo debunker
demo first since it's related with IP
faster or going on to the station right
away all right first trick
okay well I'm Tom I was looking at a
ipfs cluster I'm gonna share my screen
so I'm looking at s cluster and I wanted
a more user friendly UI so I poured the
JSI PFS API and made a and then there's
ported to the JSI confessed cluster API
so it's pretty much extremely similar
today's high capacity except for a BFS
cluster it exposes everything that the
expose is right now with the promises so
with that I made little front-end for a
octopus cluster which I called a bunker
which is in my other interpretor II it's
pretty much just a little front-end for
at Ravenna sequester is still very
limited it doesn't do very much but I
can see all the nose listed over here
they just added node names and the
configuration file so as my host names
then it lists the files and you could
browse through some of them
and you can choose new files to upload
this then you can see
it uploads to the classroom and still
super basic but I'd like to add some
things about note health and the metrics
and just more better than usability
functions for interacting with IP best
clustering but yeah that's pretty much
it if any a question is anything nice
yeah it is really good so we are like
two features to cluster for this one is
like in name so you can attach a string
to your in which is something that ipfs
doesn't have and we also added like peer
names so you don't have to you don't
have just the peer IDE just have a name
attached to your to your cluster view
which are really good for for user
interfaces because you can see what your
opinion so even you can think even if in
a single period Buster cluster is
already adding some features on on top
of IP FS which are just nice to have in
this sense and you can always start with
one and then add more peers as you run
out of storage and things like that
yeah thank you very much for for this
step and I'm looking forward to see
where word leaves goes and what we can
do to to support you because yeah you
can clearly see that from the moment you
build a user interface you're gonna need
some features to make it easier for the
user and if you're doing that is this
way more tier what is needed so let us
know how how we can support you thank
all right we probably ready to move on
to our next number then which is the
ipfs Station update all right thank you
and I added up one more item to the
agenda which is just like a quick
announcement and it's rhymey as well so
I'll just do book so just a BFS 0:27 has
been released today this morning so now
if you do install this ipfs you will get
the latest version a lot of people have
been selling it and I'm seeing a lot of
memory and performance improvements make
sure to try it out I put it here the
wheelies issue so you can see that Iowa
it's like what change what was improved
what was added and also if you are
migrating what you need to like worry
about essentially there should be two
API calls that you should pay attention
if you were using them in the past and
there's notes there about what to change
too so yeah check it out and give
feedback please and hope you like this
new release and that perhaps gets faster
the next demo and if you have any
questions I'm happy to answer them all
otherwise I'll just like go to the next
demo all right so the I EFS station epic
so in the pH which is not here today
because II as an exam he has been
working on a previous station that
intersection is the electro rap that's
what you install go ipfs in your desktop
machine without having to like that
should common line without having to go
down all the binary like just gives you
a nice installer and so I asked Nick to
record a video first to show what is a Z
yes been up to and and I have applauded
it to YouTube I think we can like watch
it here it's like a four minute demo
thing about just going through session
that's good alright so I'm not gonna
percent sure if this is going but if
you're going to hear the audio from the
video but let's try so if I share my
screen share my screen you should see I
can browse the window now and video so
we have two two ways maybe it's work or
I play the video and the sound also goes
to you guys which I'm not sure or if it
doesn't go to you guys we can now go to
the link what's the video and then come
back you talk about it I guess
okay let's try it deep this is te how do
nope no audio okay so I was just here
going voice chat can't you secure the
microphone input in zoom to the to the
computer sound because otherwise we
missed the demo from the recording right
yeah but the den was already uploaded to
the YouTube channel I actually uploaded
this morning as well well so we can we
have a link to share with people yeah
let me see all the options to be used
give another demo for us another demo I
feel like through it but like since he
kind of like been working on it and like
he shows it's working on Windows I kind
of like wanted to give him the chance to
be doing presenting ok no the link keys
there shall we do this ok everyone will
go to the link everyone play can a bunch
of thumbs up so usually sure before are
doing it ok I'll play it and watch it
too as well so that I know more or less
when people finish up
you
all right I hope everyone had time to
check it out yeah
so as except by the way apologize for
being so quiet
apparently record video very early in
the morning when their roommates these
roommates were still sleeping so kind of
like at the quick quiet so yeah you can
check out the station repo you can like
git clone it's change the redesign
branch and I get access to all those
things I know that like in Hague and big
you're also working on making the
packaging really nice so that like we
can get guild versions for Linux Mac OS
and Windows right in our these
distributions page and yeah if you have
any questions you can ask me now or just
open it an issue for Enrique so okay now
this interesting all right got something
able to stop screen share anymore
any any feedback
I was wondering about the the you are
yeah if they it's what he is showing in
the video is stop windows specific
because it looks like a very windows
inspired UI in general it is not window
specific it is like so you will get that
same UI in Mac OS and Linux
it is very inspired by a previous
contribution from demo there was a
computer like maybe eight months ago
that start working on the redesign and
provided a bunch of those assets a and
basically a henrique like grab those
assets improve them a little bit and
implement to them on on the UI of
station at Jenny I think you had your
hand up yeah so where's the repo being
saved I'm looking at the source code now
and installing it but so is it coming
from the environmental variable are you
on the branch like are you on the
redesign branch yeah no actually I'm
just the the master branch from from
okay the ipfs shipyard and you're
getting an error is it now I'm just
wondering where it's actually I'm still
installing it so where's where is it and
if they actually like for instance I
have like four different locations in my
environment and if it's in my home
folder will it automatically open up my
current repo I have in my home folder
yeah so it will default to the like you
to try the default IP FS location so
like yeah the only room folder you when
you are opening it you can exchange like
the default location to something else
and if you'll pick it up on your little
repos okay yeah and if you go to my
server basically you have the old
version like the old design but all
fixed and working that was the first
Marcel this new milestone is
design which makes it a little more
functional cool thank you awesome okay
so that was a demo yeah all right I
guess if there is no more agenda items
and demos this will conclude December
4th 2017 ipfs all hands